feat: use Zac's quicksort algorithm in stdlib sorting (#5940)
noir-lang/noir: docs/docs/noir/concepts/data_types/arrays.md

### sort_via

> Sorts the array with a custom comparison function. The ordering function must return true if the first argument should be sorted to be before the second argument, otherwise it should return false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sorts the array with a custom comparison function. The ordering function must return true if the first argument should be sorted to be before the second argument or is equal to the second argument.

Using this method with an operator like `<` that does not return `true` for equal values will result in an assertion failure for arrays with equal elements.
```
